will you wait for me pulling out George
that's lighting up the way I can't run
Castle whoa hey guys what is up my name
is cartoons and I'm really excited for
today it's my first death knight
tutorial ever you know I know that you
guys actually requested that I did this
specifically the damage tutorial because
you know I do a lot of damage is a death
knight and I don't think I'm a seasoned
death knight or a product night in terms
of control or you know how the game kind
of moves but you know athlete to the
many many time wrinkle on holy paladin
says that I'm the only death knight that
actually kills things that he's noticed
so that's pretty cool I feel like I have
damage on my side which is good because
I was in full blues and got 2,500 in two
days of playing time so at least I've
got that going for me but I don't think
I'm a great def night however I do know
how to do damage and that's what I'm
going to be talking about today and my
in this video and I have vapor lock of
my friend here he's a druid that's going
to be popping bark skin and I'm gonna
kill him in the stung so it's going to
be really cool basically what I want to
go forth and tell you is my spec and
then I'm going to tell you my gear
choice and then we're gonna do the
actual one shot which is pretty simple
so I just want to get that up there for
you but as you can see in talents I take
a holy blight Lich born asphyxiate runa
corruption death pact desecrated ground
and breadth of sindragosa so the
important ones here are in holding
blight and breathless in Augusta unholy
bites gotta put on your diseases
instantly on the target whenever you
have you know everything every bit of
strength proc or whatever you need and
that's going to be taking on them as
well as brother sindragosa which you're
gonna basically you know pool all of
your routing power and then just use it
all at once and it's kind of going to be
a all n type video so what you're going
to do here pretty much is work around
having the immunity from the AMS because
if you run regenerative magic lift and
you're going to have like a 20 second
AMS timer which is really good so you're
going to use that offensively in the
beginning but pretty much what's going
to happen is I'm going to go in with
this gear choice which is all
versatility pvp gear and I'm enchanted
versatility I versatility you know aught
like the grips I'm not even full gear on
this death my quite yet but I have
pretty much all versatility stuff like
versatility booths you know I've got the
chest plate I I want to get the
versatility headpiece and the belt and
you know do like this not the shoulders
actually and I think that's think that's
kind of how it works so but other than
that you know I have everything
versatility and oh yeah this right here
is really important the scabbard of
Kiana's okay so this is a trinket that
it's getting nerfed pretty soon but
still it does a ton of damage 2200
strength for 15 seconds is really
ridiculous it's like a forty percent
damage increase or something it's really
crazy PvE trinkets oh and most mainly
that the high ratings are using it so
yeah I don't know this isn't insane
trinket but this is what i use man so be
sure to you know macro that with your
pillow frost and basically what i'm
going to do is I'm going to walk up to
this guy and we're going to asphyxiate
AMS in time magic shield and asphyxiate
and then I'm going to obliterate three
times one two three going to use all of
my runes and then we're going to use
breadth of sindragosa okay breathless
undergo set in this macro right here
it's going to say / cash killer frost
laughs use 13 / cast unholy blight /
cast Soul Reaper / cast Breathitt
sindragosa so you know you can have Soul
Reaper in there or you cannot have Soul
Reaper in there it's up to you I guess
for this video I won't put solar in
there i'll just use straight obliterates
and i'll show you what you know what
happens but pretty much what i'm going
to do is I'm going to 30 blitar rates
with pillar cross and the scabbard up
and then use breathless and Augusta and
then I'm gonna let my room power take
down a little bit i'm going to empower
it back up to 100 runic power and then
i'm going to use 30 glitter rates again
and he's going to die in that stun
whenever whenever I you don't use
everything so pretty much what i'm going
to do is I'm going to walk up to this
guy and just auto attack him get a
killing machine product in my own holy
strength proc and a popular cross stun
obliterated rates obliterate and then
Breathitt sindragosa popping power
obliterates obliterates and obliterate
so and he dies through that he also had
a just so you guys know he had the
gladiator sanctum to death but he would
have died instantly like he don't mind
obliterates in arena anyways he
my obliterator for like twenty eight
cake with yeah like this wasn't that
much and it absorbed a ton because the
gladiator sanctum reduces damage by
fifty percent so I killed him through
bark skin and a 50-percent shield wall
so that's a pretty big you know damage
mitigation and i still kill them with
just the one shot but you know an arena
i actually pull anywhere between 40,000
to 60,000 dps on that one target with
that combo and then it also can keep up
after those six obliterates you can also
get like a seventh if you're ruining a
question takes a little bit quicker and
stuff like that so but overall it works
really really well you know as you can
see i didn't do a whole time dps because
the gladiator sanctum but still i did a
ton of damage and I killed him through
bark skin and the gladiator sanctum with
just that combo so yeah I think I think
that's normally how I do it in DPS type
of situations whenever I want to burst
most of the time I killed roads but then
about four to five seconds I've used
this and you do it correctly but
sometimes sometimes they can get out of
it if they pop like trinket Clark skin
and sri form which get to all of the
offensive quota or all of their
defensive cooldowns immediately so it's
really important to note that with all
of your offensive boutons that happen so
does their defensives and then you can
just start them up and kill them with
your partner again and yeah 30 to 40
seconds so yeah i hope i did help you
guys today if i did please be sure to
give this video a thumbs up i really
appreciate it and also you can subscribe
to my channel for future tutorials other
than that guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you all next time
cartoons
you